what is it every time we start talking
again our option what is this your
mother's on the phone my mother's on the
phone what does she want she wants to
reprimand you for cheating it's a little
late to reprimand me for cheating what's
the matter I just wanted to say it's not
for cheating I hope I just wanted to say
that after you tell these long-held why
would I lie about something and they say
telling the truth
does that really happen let me ask you
something mom did you ever see me excuse
me my darling you know I'm so sick and
tired of you calling up and creating
this history for me that doesn't exist
hey I smoked pot in high school and did
quaaludes
okay I'm gonna break down I'm not proud
of it but I'm honest and now I gotta be
honest about my life in high school yeah
I took lose in front of my mother with
my with a friend of mine my friend and I
were so smashed that we had to go sit
outside on lawn chairs so we would've
made this boy has an imagine oh you're
something else would not believe
I mean it's unreal and it's anything how
would you remember the town of hoping
I'm gonna bring it back to the day you
remember the time me and my friend Edie
remember we would eat an egg salad you
maybe made us lunch yeah you remember
that day yeah okay all right
we were so smash Murray Howard we took a
bug wheatless I'm gonna be honest with
you I'm not gonna hide my past or maybe
you can handle it don't les you don't
have to be honest with me
it's all me I got to be honest with my
own eyes I am anti-drug now I told you
it was the wrong thing to do but what
happened was the loose kicked in the
wrong thing today yes of course
strike blues kicked in while we were
eating lunch with you so we ran it you
remember in the backyard you set up lawn
chairs for me and Ed I set them up yeah
we set up lawn chairs okay I'll buy that
and I had to sit out there get some air
as I was passing out a pad
all right what do you think he was so
funny that day we were laughing our
asses off this what do you think your
comedian I was funny oh yeah I'm saying
why do you think we were laughing our
asses off why we were smashed ah you
thought you were funny Howard she
thought she was killing it see five
years ago in this days believe me and as
far as listen when I were when I left
it's going full swing mrs. look mrs.
Lazar sixth grade class I cheated off
everything the reason you will put into
mrs. lizards plants is because you did
very good
they give at the end of the term they
gave tests and reading comprehension had
very high reading comprehension one year
right so baby blues you know what happen
with me Robin you're not my personality
they taught us how to read like in first
grade or something and I was so
fascinated by it I read everything I get
my hand
matter-of-fact so they put me in a
second grade they put me in a twosome I
was way too small it was way too smart a
class for me because I just higher
reading comprehension cuz when I get
into something I really get into reading
so then in second grade like a boarder
reefs are reading comic books so they
put me back into the stupid class and
third ground and then I don't know what
happened but somehow in fifth grade they
gave us some kind of testing must have
mixed up the test score set up giving
you a test on Mad Magazine
yeah you would have passed with flying
my mother threw out all my mad magazines
Oh Mad Magazine such a great magazine my
mom was like ahh because that way so had
a Bobbi ray do you know my cousin Jack
made all of the comic books for DC
Comics Yeah right I'm talking about like
all the original Superman's all that
stuff so I had every one of them right
and bothered my mother that I had these
things I had him in my basement because
you didn't do any serious reading Howard
you'd never picked up a book was those
comic books in that
Mad Magazine yeah with strewn all of it
so it bothered her so much she gives it
away to this kid on my block
Robert Tobias and I still remember the
guys think she can't she took a like
wagons full of my comic books on Mad
Magazine
I'm gave them away you absolutely Kojak
you know so I gave you made me get rid
of them you made me get rid of them
that's right oh oh that's right to add
to my humiliation I had to take the
wagon down to Robert to buy his house
let's get back to these stories is
painting yes so then they put me in this
class I didn't belong in because I
tested through the roof on this fifth
grade reading comprehension this I must
had a good day I was I was clear that
day and by fluke I test it really well
this mad of not being smart Howard is
that besides I gotta be honest with the
audience
I have street smarts anything
I think Walt Disney rewrote my mother's
memory you know to be like they brought
a man answered made your life a fairy
yeah so anyway they put me in this class
and they grouped us in seats of four
where you could sit and look at everyone
else's paper uh-huh Colin that's not
even know about eating your Barry
Manning little boy what happened in
fourth grade yourself or you know what
what happened in fourth grade what
happened in fourth grade what I get in
conduct well that was a fluke that year
because a suit that teacher had to talk
before eternal Express
I got a D in Conduct lemon cake and the
woman went into and went into a home
afterwards
Jesse in conduct after that let me tell
you your father told you where it was at
and you behave yeah no kidding dad was
hitting me yes I want to came to
cheating in high school you are having
great tutors at home as a man I still
needed G I still needed to cheat to keep
equation we're ahead of the trend that
friggin Spanish no that was one year in
math they were able the rest of the
years I flunked almost as soon as we
move to a white neighborhood I started
doing any of your old report cards
my mother burned
that's great thanks those things they
were a disgrace
my mother had tutors and I still
couldn't do well I certainly would not
show those report cards to these
children what would I do with that my
kids are great students see they should
be able to see this you know that'll be
great
telling me you're gonna lie to your kids
absolutely honest with the audience
you're gonna lie to you I am gonna lie
to myself I start to talk about him in
school at home why would you want to
ruin those beautiful little girls who
love you school will actually live in
fear of their teachers giving them a bad
mark those kids are on the right track
you're damn right they are that's right
better for them believe me you were on
the right track all I remember is that I
should have been on the right track but
I should have paid attention
he's waiting here and in blaming every
you know I don't live didn't eat out of
study my mother never took my mother of
mine did you ever see me do any homework
tell the truth did you ever get how I
come on did you ever once see me do
homework don't worry what would happen
every night tell the truth hey you're
gonna lie you're gonna tell the truth
what would happen every night you'd say
why don't you go do homework I go up to
the room and what would I do I would do
nothing you know that that's not true
didn't you check did you bring you don't
you ever check my homework Robyn step
without I know you're senile you know
what right hold it a second my stand
hold I got a call the old-age home
because it's time to lock you up you
wish it's time to get you some dog food
good shut me up but you're not going to
Howard because I tell it like it is
oh I could shut you up in two seconds
here watch this so give any to dead lady
what do anything for dad lately I always
do things for dad ah Oh real that's what
I devote my life to she devotes her life
to my father that's right oh you
question your pleasing in it and that's
why you turned out so well and you can
answer the question out
anything you and dad still have sex all
right Andy you and Dad still have sex
plenty of business why because it means
this is what I do